### Future Digital Humanities Projects

This course introduced me to so many digital humanities projects and computation tools, that I am almost overwhelmed by the possibilities I have for future endeavors. What truly stood out to me throughout the week was how digital humanists are visualizing their research to make the information accessible to the public. I saw this in the speakers at the Institute, who directed us to their websites that recorded their findings. I also saw this in the lessons of the Introduction to Computation for Literary Studies course. The digital projects we were introduced to could all be easily viewed on the web, and many featured interesting interactive elements and visualizations. 

My favorite aspect of these visualizations was probably scrollytelling—the multimedia story-telling technique we explored alongside geospatial visualizations—that piqued my interest. These scrollytelling webpages reminded me of how museums curate aesthetically pleasing, multimedia displays of historical information for visitors to enjoy. I want to utilize scrollytelling in future research endeavors to make my work and findings available and accessible for people to read and engage with. To accomplish this, I need to continue exploring the open-access resources available for creating these scrollytelling pages—like those on Github! 

I definitely will be using Voyant Tools and their visualizations to help explore texts in future courses. These visualizations are a fascinating way to look at different texts, and I can see myself using them to supplement argumentation in essays and research papers. Additionally, I will be using AntConc and Voyant Tools to help myself analyze texts in the future. These programs allow you to search for words across the corpus, and if I am interested in examining certain diction in a group of texts, these tools will be invaluable. 

### Experience Reflection

My experience at the Digital Humanities Summer Institute was fantastic. It allowed me to immerse myself in the world of digital humanities, not only through my course and the speakers but also by interacting with others in the field. The DH community is incredibly supportive and collaborative. I witnessed numerous instances of individuals brainstorming research ideas together and offering resources and advice to assist with various projects. The wealth of knowledge and talent present at the Digital Humanities Summer Institute was remarkable, and I feel fortunate to have engaged in many enriching conversations and to have heard from numerous talented, motivated speakers.

This was such a wonderful introduction to the field of digital humanities, but I wish I had walked into the program with a research or digital project in mind. Many participants at the institute came to learn specific skills to aid in a project they were actively working on. Since so many participants had ongoing projects, we were allotted time for personal work and encouraged to ask the experts at the institute for their thoughts, advice, and/or feedback on the projects. 

Looking ahead, I hope to see more opportunities for students to explore the digital humanities on our Evergreen campus. These digital projects are the future of academia, and I am confident that Loyola students can take part in the innovation with their own research projects, papers, and theses. I hope these blog posts serve as a resource for those students who are interested in the digital humanities, and that more resources are coming their way. 

I want to thank the Center of Humanities at Loyola University Maryland for this amazing experience and opportunity, as well as our faculty program coordinators Dr. Witt and Dr. Forni for their guidance and support throughout the week. It was truly one of thought-provoking discussions, new digital discoveries, and merriment. 