# Using Webpage
### By Cara Lamina

Hello! Here are some quick instructions on how to write in Markdown, create posts, embed images and links, and save your work. 

We are using [GitHub](https://github.com/), which is a developer platorm used to create, store, manage, and share all different types of code. This platform allows developers to easily collaborate with one another on projects, as well as share their work across the web for others to replicate and provide feedback. 

## Markdown Language 

Markdown is a lightweight markup langauge that describes how text should look on a page. It can describe headers, text style, links, lists, etc. 

We are writing in Markdown when we create posts on our webpages. This is why when we create files for our post, we end the title in *md*— which stands for markdown.

Follow [this How-To Geek Markdown Cheat Sheet](https://www.howtogeek.com/markdown-cheat-sheet/) when writing posts. 

We are **not** using markdown when writing in our _config.yml file, because this is written in a different programming language called yml. 


## Posts

Let's talk about how to create posts themselves. 

1. Go to your GitHub Dashboard and enter into the repository (found the the page's left hand side). 

Repositories are where you can store you code, your files, and each file's history. You can have multiple collaborators in one repository. We will eventually be posting all our posts into a single repository for them to appear on one webpage. 

2. Once you have entered your repository, click on the posts folder. 

3. Next, hit *Add file* > *Create new file*. 

4. Once you have entered your new file, press the *period* button to enter into cospace developer. Here, you will be able to write your posts in markdown!

### To save your posts...

In the cospace developer, you want to sync your updates to GitHub. 

1. Simply select the *Source Control* widget on the left hand of the page (it's the third icon down with three circles and connecting lines). 

2. You will want to write a quick descriptiion of your update to the webpage in the text box, then hit *Commit & Push*. 

3. Go back to your repository on GitHub and select the *Actions* tab at the top of the page. This allows you to monitor how the update you sent over from the developer is syncing to GitHub. Once the action is completed, you can refresh your webpage and view your updated changes!

Good job! Let's move on to embeding images into your posts!

## Embedding Images

Images are an important tool to use in digital communication—whether you are presenting your reader with a visualization of your research or want to share a cute image of your pet. For example, here is a cute image of my pet, Honey!


